 Why Amazon
 Did you ever face any issue in your internship project and how did you solve it?
 why leaving current organization,
 Amazon principles related questions
 What was the decision you have taken in the absence of your manager
 What was the quality improvement you have done in your team
 What was the thing you felt is sub-optimal when you were using Amazon site
 Most recent technical challenging work
 Team concern you solved
 Situation where you had a conflict with your manager
 What did you improve in your team
 Innovative work done
 https://medium.com/@scarletinked/are-you-the-leader-were-looking-for-interviewing-at-amazon-8301d787815d
 Have you ever countered your manager’s design/ideas when you felt another approach could be better?
 One time I took an initiative in my team
 An idea disapproved by the team
 How is code review done 
 Tell me about a time when you could not deliver a task in time
 Tell me about a time when you faced a challenge
 Tell me something about yourself which is not there in your resume
 what would you do if you’re recently joined and your boss is out of station, 
 Convert a given tree to its Sum Tree
 Reverse a Linked List in groups of given size | Set 1
 Any technical solution provided by you to your team? Why your solution was better? and what was the outcome?
 Any case where you had a conflict with your manager.
 Do you have issues with relocation? He told me a lot of candidates come here and then try to relocate back to other locations.
 Why are looking for a change, you recently joined a company and now again you are giving interviews.
 Have you done anything that improved customer experience?
Have you ever mentored someone
what is most critical feedback you got from manager, when did you get above and beyond feedback and why.
Tell me about your failures
Mention some of the negative and positive feedbacks from you manager.
How to meet deadlines
Why do you want to switch?
Where do you see yourself in 5 years, 15 years and 25 years
One Change Microsoft can do on one of its products.
what if we don’t select you etc
why bing ? what do you know about bing?
moved on to how bing can scale up to google ? can it defeat
What are new features that can be implemented
Why not Google? (I said I would be happy to work for Google if they offered me a job)


