1.Rotate an array
2.a)Search an element in a sorted and rotated array
  b)Find the Rotation Count in Rotated Sorted array/Program for array rotation
3.Find an element in Bitonic array/Find the maximum element in an array which is first increasing and then decreasing
4.Majority Element in sorted/unsorted array
5. a)Find duplicates
   b)Count frequencies of all elements in array in O(1) extra space and O(n) time
6.first non-repeating character
7.Find the element that appears once in a sorted array
8.a) unique number 1
  b) unique number 2
  c) unique number 3
9.Find the missing number from 1 to N  
10.Mean and median of an unsorted array
11.Find the kth largest/smallest element in an array/ stream
12.Median in a stream of integers (running integers)
13.Find median of two sorted arrays of same size
14.Median of two sorted arrays with different sizes
15. Merge two sorted arrays
16. Merge k sorted arrays
17.Find next greater number with same set of digits
18.a)subarray with 0 sum
   b) largest subarray with 0 sum
   c)count subarrays with 0 sum
19. Find subarray with given sum | Set 1 (Nonnegative Numbers)
20. Given an array A[] and a number x, check for pair in A[] with sum as x
21. Find a triplet that sum to a given value
22. evens at even position and odds at odd position
23. segragate evens and odds
24. segragate 0's and 1's
25. Sort an array of 0s, 1s and 2s
26. Move all zeroes to end of array
27.Equilibrium index of an array
28.Leaders in an array




Trapping the Rain Water Problem
Maximum product Sub-array
Count ways to reach the n’th stair
Chocolates distribution problem
Given an array find max (a[i] – a[j] ) ,i>j
Split the number into N parts such that difference between the smallest and the largest part is minimum
Maximum difference between two elements such that larger element appears after the smaller number
Find k closest numbers in an unsorted array
Find k numbers with most occurrences in the given array
Given a sequence of words, print all anagrams together | Set 2
Find the smallest positive number missing from an unsorted array | Set 1
Replace every element with the greatest element on right side
Perfect Sum Problem

Count Inversions in an array
Convert array into Zig-Zag fashion
Nuts & Bolts Problem (Lock & Key problem)



Partition a set into two subsets such that the difference of subset sums is minimum

Find number of bits to be flipped to get maximum 1's in array

Find the repeating and the missing
Number of flips to make binary string alternate
Rearrange Odd and Even values in Alternate Fashion in Ascending Order
Merge Overlapping Intervals
k-th distinct (or non-repeating) element in an array.
Find the point where maximum intervals overlap/There is a conference  room careercup
Two elements whose sum is closest to zero
Given a sorted array and a number x, find the pair in array whose sum is closest to x

















