 difference between conventional and real time sys, types of real time sys, 
 what is priority inversion and priority inheritance.
 explain race condition, deadlock, critical section problem with examples
threads and processes
TCP/IP protocol suite and went deep in the data link layer
shared memory systems (like how exactly the memory is shared between processes in different scenario
virtual memory and paging
What are semaphores and what are spinlocks?
Why is virtual address used?
What is the difference between physical and virtual address.
What are memory segments?
I have defined 2 global variables, one is initialized and another is uninitialized, in which segments would they be stored?
What is static and dynamic linking. How does a compiler know if a function belongs to a statically linked source or a dynamically linked source.
What is a volatile / non-volatile memory.
What is RAM/ROM.
How does a process look like in memory, the difference between global variables and static variables?
Different scopes of variables and to explain when each of them is used and why, when and how do we use the extern keyword.
What is a void pointer and how do we use it.
Page fault and steps followed to handle it.
Different System calls and why do we use them
fference between Kernel and Operating System.
Different phases of Compiler and in-detail explanation of each of the phases
How compiler does intermediate code optimization?
What are Static and Dynamic Libraries
Why do we use Cache Memory?
What is Cache Coherence Protocol and when do we use them.
Difference between Scheduler and Dispatcher.
What are the applications of Unions? and problem-related to Unions.
Let us suppose there are multiple .c files and you want a function from a particular file can only be accessed in that c file only. (Ans- Use static keyword)
What is Volatile keyword?
A lot of questions from IPC, Cache, Paging.
 Sorting, Graphs.
 
ML like PCA, LDA, SVM, 
fragmentation, paging, cache memory, threads, mutex, counting semaphore, binary semaphore were asked.
 Explain the role of MMU.
 Discussion on different layers of OSI model and TCP/IP.
 how the CPU works.
 TLB working,
  What resources does a process use?How does the process   
  resources information is maintained?https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/operating-system-process-table-process-control-block-pcb/
  What resources do threads use?
  
  What are locks
  What is mutex ?What is semaphore? Difference between them.
  Mutex vs Binary semaphore? Are they logically equivalent ?
  What is demand paging? How to map logical to physical address?
  Which address is known to CPU?
  What is static variable ?Show by example?Where does static variable get stored?
  What is static function?
  
     
    
