What is caching and how it is used. Types of cache eviction policies. Any cache you might have used for your project. Explain.
LRU cache
Where shared memory is stored (in user space or kernel space) ? and why ?
Discussion on Inter Process Communication : Shared Memory and Sockets.
Why sockets are preferred over Shared Memory.
What is race condition?
LFU (Least Frequently Used) Cache Implementation
Increasing RAM increases performance because
Binary search recurrence relation
Quicksort worst-case complexity when the pivot is the n/4 smallest element using an O(n) algorithm?
The best time complexity for finding the nth Fibonacci number // O(1) formula
Questions on deadlock, handling, and its prevention. real example
How SSH works
Deep dive into LRU, and its working in real computers like what is stored in the cache
Questions on page faults, thrashing
Practical usage of stack and queue in computers (ex- stack -> recursion, queue -> process scheduling)
OS -> process, thread, difference b/w them.
DBMS -> normalization, De-normalisation, deadlock, deadlock avoidance.
How you will handle Transactions, concurrency etc .
Pointers, heap memory allocation, dangling pointers, paging from operating systems.
Difference between threads and processes.
Deadlocks and its prevention
Cost of polymorphism in OOPs
Implementation of virtual methods, dynamic binding, vtables etc.
What is O(n) and what’s its use?
Mutex vs Semaphores with an real life example.
Normalization.
Program for Best Fit algorithm in Memory Management
When and why merge sort is preferred over quicksort
What is your favorite algorithm and why.
Avoid Dangling or wild pointers while writing code, initialize variables to NULL
What and all will happen when you boot up your PC
What is kernel?
Difference between Abstraction and Encapsulation
Why we should use ER diagram? 
why Normalization?
Give examples of anomalies if we don’t normalize
Example of cases when merge sort is not used.
how hashmap is implemented./https://tekmarathon.com/2012/12/04/hashmap-internal-implementation-analysis-in-java/
What sorting algorithm should be used for sorting strings
When merge sort is preferred over quick sort?
What is semaphore
Linked List vs Array
What is critical section problem and how is it solved?
What is Semaphore?
What is write lock and what are the conditions of it?
How to implement SRTFS (preemptive SJF).
what is virtual memory?y is it so called?
paging and segmentation concepts.
What are the advantages of quick sort over merge sort and advantages of array over link list
explain binary search and proof of its complexity(O(log n))
Number of child process created when fork() system call is called n times
Difference between trigger and stored procedure?
How deadlock is detected?
Indexing in DBMS
Types of indexes
How indexing is done in DB(b-tree and b+trees)
Views ,types of views its advantages
What is resource allocation graph and how its related to deadlock,what are the nodes in that graph?
Difference between multi -tasking, multi-processing and multiprogramming, 
Virtual Memory, why to use Virtual memory, issues related to virtual memory
What happens when you type www.amazon.com in Web Browser
Inner Join vs Outer Join
SQL query to find second highest salary?
TCP v/s UDP
What are data structures in which you are most uncomfortable.
Implement a LRU cache, extended for LRU with ttl at each block.
What is Lock? Asked about semaphores, virtual memory, process scheduling.
Implement hash map of your own
Follow up:
1. How to handle a collision situation
2. How can we reduce the time complexity of rehashing process ??
Types of Binary Tree
What is DNS?
On entering a URL in a browser, explain the detailed procedure in which the request is handled by the browser and the result is obtained for the given search query.
Under which conditions you will use abstract class and when you will use interfaces
The difference between Java and C++. Advantages and disadvantages of each.
Which language you are most comfortable with. Rate yourself out of 5.
run time polymorphism works in C++. How C++ resolves it.
difference between class and structure in C++. How to implement an interface in C++.
Algorithms | Sorting | Question 11
External Sorting
secondary memory, About disk technology, sector, seek time, rotational delay
Implement substring function
What is memory hierarchy
Difference in virtual ans physical memory
How cache works?
What do you understand by time complexity?
Demand Paging. Their use.
Name layers of the OSI Model with protocols belonging to the layers
Difference between Router and Hub? Which layers do these devices belong to
What is the diamond problem and how is it solved?
Basic OS concepts like PCB. What does it store
What is a IP”, “Why a machine needs a IP”, 
“What is a static and dynamic IP, and when one is preferred over another”,
 “Firewalls”, “Encryption Methods / Cryptography”,  “about HTTP and HTTPS protocol” 
states of DP.
routing policies like weighted routing 
How would you make loading of webpages faster?
How to perform the testing of code. Write all the test cases including the boundary ones for the above two codes.
Real life implementation of abstraction and inheritance.
Tower Of Hanoi Problem
Define joins in SQL and explain them
Define keys. Surrogate keys, primary keys, foreign keys, candidate keys and super keys
What is encapsulation? Explain with example. How is it useful?
SQL query to find nth highest salary of an employee
When do you use overloaded functions and when do you use overrided functions?
make your own HashTable
What is operator overloading? Write a code depicting implementation of Operator Overloading.
Write an operator overloading method for + operator on strings, which concatenates the first string with the reverse of second string.
Different testing concepts. What is unit testing, integration testing, regression testing? What is the need for each one of them?
Mutex vs Semaphore
Threads in General
Map Internal implementation and its usage
uestions on GET, PUT, POST methods
What is Lazy Loading?
Difference between http and https
What is deadlock and it’s 4 condition
Differences between Arrays and Linked Lists. In which situation, you would choose one over the other?
Worst Case of QuickSort.
Internal implementation of vector.
Internal Implemenation of map.
Exception handling in C++
Pure virtual function vs virtual function
Pure Virtual function uses
Different types of cast and difference between them
Abstraction vs Interface
What is a segmentation fault?
What is a race condition?
What is an abstract class? Can a class be abstract without abstract methods? Difference between an interface and abstract class.
Why Java doesn’t support multiple inheritances?


OSI model and TCP/IP model and its various layers and their functions
Memory Leak and a program where this occurs
General OS concepts
OOPS concepts eg: Comparison of objects, Everything about Inheritance, Static and Dynamic Binding.
Bankers algorithm.
TCP protocol – the three way handshake
















