I explored internship for 5 months at unilever ETSC as Project Trainee. For the major part of the internship, I 
was in the automation development team and for few weeks I was in the software development team.
as a automation trainee, I worked on two use cases.
1. first use case was Leavers report. The problem statement is: 
when an employee leaves an company he usually/genearlly serves a notice period of few months.
during this period the csc team(common service centre) manually collects all transanctional data and entires by that user
into SAP. So the automated process was setup to investigate whether there has been login by that user in SAP or not.
If there has been login, then it will collect all transanctional data and entries made by that user. It will then create a report and upload 
it to the sharepoint drive.The CSC team then performs impact analysis due to the usage of the terminated id/user.

The tool that we used was blueprism and at the backen of the tool,we used C# to create objects.

2. The second Process that I automated was Proof of delivery collecttions. All the documents related to deliveries are
scanned and recieved by supply chain team and transportation team via emails. They manually collects all the documents that leads
to the workload that adds no value to the team.
SO the automated process will read those mails from generic mail address, save those attachments in local system
create a report and send it to the team. 
Again blueprism and c# were used.

There were 5 stages in Process delivery:
1. Requirements: It is the responsibility of the Business Analyst to gather  Requirements from the business team.
 sometimes we can directly setup a call to the business team if it is required. 
2. Implementation/Coding: we develop the process in this stage.
3. UAT signoff: UAT stands for user acceptance testing. The Business team will see the implemantaion/workflow, check for the desired test 
cases or outcome and then approve if everything is  okay from thier side.
4. DA signoff: DA stands for Design Analysis. we have to take senior developers who will see the code and check whether 
 all exceptions are handled or not.
5. QA signoff : Quality Assurance, in this stage, we test our process in virtual Machine. Its most likely that
  the process will run the same in the production environment with some change in environment variables.
6. Production deployment: Finally we deploy the  process to the production.


for few last weeks, I was in the software development team. 
There were many processes but they were few vms. 
our task to create a scheduler for the maximum utilization of the Virtual Machines.
we  used generalized priority algorithm. processes were ordered on the basis of the time interval at which they run.
some processes run once per month, some run per week and some daily. Monthly processes had the highest priority as it can have 
impact on data for whole month. VM machines were ordered on the basis of MIPS(Million Instructions per second)
MIPS were calcualted on the basis of RAM and CPU core. if all the processes are of same priority then first come first 
serve was used. we had developed but It was not implemented till we were there as approvals were delayed.