Design LLD Chess Board Game for 2 players using oops principal/multiplayer
Create HLD and LLD (oops based) of subscription engine ( eg.   where user can subscribe services like Netflix and Amazon prime).
Design stack overflow along with its Notification system.
Design Online Chess Game: Functional & Non-Functional Requirements, HLD, LLD and DB Entity Schema
Design Alert System for Price Down of a Product
factory design pattern and its implementation
Design Swiggy. The different components of the system, databases, apis, notification systems, payment system.
Design an elevator system./Design Elevator with OOPS concept
Design a room booking system
HLD of library system, what should be the DB structure, which type of DB should be used (NoSQL or SQL) and why
Design Railway Booking System, both HLD and LLD is expected in this round/Design a Railway system 
HLD for Instagram, What should be DB structure, kind of Database should be used, sharding policy and some other design related questions.
Design Facebook Timeline (Higher Level Design)
Design BookmyShow 
File Convertor like converting xml to Json
Object oriented design of a parking lot 
Design the logic for minimising cash flow in an app like ‘Splitwise’.
Design patterns – Singleton, Builder, Prototype, Factory.
Latency Management System
Library Management System
Design RedBus, add some features from OLA and UBER.
Design Netflix
movies reviews aggregator 
Design ESPN-Cricinfo website Backend, discussion on HLD and LLD and Load Balancer/Design cricket score board.
Design a Whatsapp
Design VLC
Design Tiny URL/bit.ly
Automatic Parking System
Design a debugger
Build an UBER platform
Build Eclipse IDE
Design App-Store
Design a Music Player application [ many use cases were covered ] eg : support for SD card
Design Gmail – consider scalability , redundancy, brief discussion on CAP Theorem, class diagrams, how to handle attachments
Design an Online tracking system, similar to how you can track your order on swiggy after you place it on maps.
Design Recommendation system. How will you generate generate recommendations for millions of users. DB Schema, How will you improve latency? if the user is searching a item, when will you show next recommendations
doctor appointment System.
design Truecaller kind of system
meeting booking system like outlook
Design Data warehouse placement system
Design data structures for a very large social network like Facebook or Linkedln
Design the flight system with src, destination and no of hops
Design Dating application.
design a calculator
Design a musical juke box with functions
        1) add song
        2) delete song
        3) top 10 played song at any point of time


What is design pattern? Explain Factory Design Pattern.
Design parking system
Design notification system
Design a dashboard system
Design a online shipment tracking system
a) Twitter design considering following functionalities:
– Post tweet
– Get the top tweets from the followers

OO design of an elevator. Write interfaces and implementation and logic
implement-a-phone-directory
Design Autocomplete or Typeahead Suggestions for Google search

design microsoft search engine Bing
Design extensible calculator 
Given a Client-Server model, How will you handle a large number of requests coming?
How we handle concurrency?
scalability, fault tolerance, reliability, user experience, load handling 
server-side loadbalancer
Discussion on sharding and distributed concepts
Dependency Injection
design undo & redo in text editor?
order management system of MC-Donalds
Design Hit Counter/http://blog.gainlo.co/index.php/2016/09/12/dropbox-interview-design-hit-counter/
Singleton Design Pattern | Implementation
designing a spam email detection system
Design cricbuzz.
Object oriented design of a parking lot 
















